educate tina the education site number
one from Latin America
continuing with the description of
transcription process in this video
let's see how the union of the
arn polymerase to the DNA sequence
how does the beginning of the
transcription followed by elongation
of the arn that is synthesized and how
The process ends at the stage of
termination
the first step is the union of the rn
DNA polymerase where it occurs in the
promoter region it should be noted that in
prokaryotes this process comes in shape
direct recognition and union
through the sigma factor of the enzyme
whereas in eukaryotes a
start of transcription complex
in which a whole series of
transcription factors that we will see in
the next video
completed the binding of the enzyme to the
DNA sequence
is going to start the process of
transcript in which you are going to
partially unwind the chain of
DNA and the polymerase will start at
synthesize
the arn
once the synthesis of the
first 56 nucleotides is going to release
the sigma factor of the enzyme
and the central enzyme will continue with
what is the elongation of the chain of
arn
so here we have the arn that goes
synthesizing
the elongation process will continue
on the part of the polymerase goes to
continue
until it meets a sequence
specific in the DNA that is the sequence
terminator
the arrival of the enzyme to this sequence
will cause them to destabilize the
union and be released on the one hand the DNA
for another
the newly synthesized arn chain
and on the other the enzyme arn polymerase
that is to say that the arrival to the sequence
is over now is the signal for
conclude the transcription process
in the next video we will see in
detail how this process occurs in
eukaryotes and we'll see the factors of
transcript involved
to see the continuation of this topic
educationally I recommend that you see the
next video